No one cares about me
Then they fired me.
tired
I don't want to be the president anymore
Mr. Lu
Do you really want to die and give up at this time?
Zhang
What a king
I used to
Have a candy
A fragrant one
Sweet candy
reluctant to eat
I'm afraid of being known by others
You said I hid it
I hide and hide
Hide it tightly
What gossip?
I'm moldy
What else is there that doesn't grow eyes?
fly
ant
meddled
And then what?
Throw it away
No.
Without me
I have nothing.
Come and have breakfast!
Who are you, brother?
Nan Nan
How many days did you remember me?
I can't remember a day now.
I want to find my brother
Lan Lan
You are my wife now
You and I are family
You want to live with me
I can't find my brother anymore
Does my brother not want me?
Have breakfast first
Eating breakfast gives you energy
Lan Lan
I hope the person who can always be remembered by you
Me.